feat(issues): Update trace navigator images + description (#9358)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-details/index.mdx

![Trace Navigator](/product/issues/issue-details/trace-navigator.png)

The trace navigator (which displays below the date) is a timeline view of other issues in the current event's [trace](/product/sentry-basics/tracing/distributed-tracing). It displays up to 100 other issues in the trace, and you can click on any of them to view their details. The trace navigator is only available for issues that are part of a trace and have more than one issue.

> - **Current Issue**: The current event you're viewing, which is larger than the other events in the trace.
> - **Error Issues**: Appears as a solid red circle, will appear darker depending on the number of events at the same timestamp.
> - **Performance Issues**: Appears as a bordered circle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues in the trace navigator timeline are represented by dots of various shades of red. Here are the different types  to note:

- **Current Issue**: The current event you're viewing, which is larger than the other events in the trace.
- **Error Issue**: Represented with a solid, closed red dot. The shade varies from lighter to darker, with darker shades representing more events occurring at the same timestamp.
- **Performance Issue**: Represented with an open dot.
```
